{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier-Bold;\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16940\viewh19260\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\i\fs24 \cf0 \
ephys with epsych\
Data analysis flow
\i0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \ul \ulc0 _______________\ulnone \
\
\
PREPARING DATA\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\b\fs26 \cf0 reformat_tank_data(BLOCKS)
\f0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b0\fs24 \cf0 Run on acquisition machine. Essentially calls TDT2mat, to convert tank data into a matlab format, then saves the files where you wish, for transferring to analysis machine.\
When called with no input arguments, all blocks in the tank will be run. \
If a MAT file of a block already exists in the save directory, the block will be skipped.\
\
\
PROCESSING DATA\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\b\fs26 \cf0 pp_prepare_format( BLOCKS, subject, session_label )\
	stim = pp_make_stim_struct( epData )
\f0 \

\f1 	phys = pp_make_phys_struct( epData,t1,t2 )
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 \
Appends trials from Blocks for the purpose of sorting together.\
Creates new label for the session - two letters, first refers to recording site, second refers to recording group.\
Creates 3 structures: Info, Stim, Phys, in processed data folder.\
	eg.      III_226101_sess-DA_Info.mat\
		III_226101_sess-DA_Stim.mat\
		III_226101_sess-DA_Phys.mat\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Info
\b0 , struct with fields:\
       subject:  'III_226101'\
          date:   '2016-Mar-25'\
  starttimes:  \{1x5 cell\}\
       blocks:  [5x1 double]\
  t_win_ms:  [-299 900]\
               fs:  2.4414e+04\
\

\b Stim
\b0 , struct with fields: 	
\i **customize for experiment/experimenter\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\i0 \cf0 (1 x ntrials)\
    onset\
    behaving\
    block\
    Freq\
    dB\
    stimDur\
    FMdepth\
    Harms\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Phys
\b0 :  3 dimensional matrix\
	(trials X samples X channels)
\f2 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0 \cf0 **large size files\
\
\
\
\
SPIKE SORTING\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\b\fs26 \cf0 Spikes = pp_sort_session( subject,session )
\f0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b\fs26 \cf0 	
\f1 [thresh, reject] = calculate_thresholds( Phys )\
		
\f0\b0\fs24 Launches GUI to select trials without noise, then calculates spike event and reject thresholds.
\b \

\fs26 	
\f1 spikes = pp_sort_channel( data, thresh, reject )
\f0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b0\fs24 \cf0 		Calls UMS 2000 algorithms, to create and populate the Spikes struct.\
\
Creates a new structure, Spikes, in processed data folder:\
		III_226101_sess-DA_Spikes.mat\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 \
Spikes
\b0 , struct with fields:\
      channel:  [1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16]\
    man_sort:  [0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0]\
    clustered:  [1x16 struct]    				\'97> created by UMS\
         sorted:  [1x16 struct]    				\'97> updated by manual sorting (pp_save\'85 fct)\
\
\
***** NOTE *****\
To implement artifact rejection, must edit UMS functions:\
  ss_default_params.m\
  ss_detect.m\
Changes are marked with  
\b %kp
\b0   in code. \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\
\
MANUAL SORTING\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\b\fs26 \cf0 [subject, session, channel, Spikes] = pp_launch_manual_sort( subject, session, channel )
\f0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b0\fs24 \cf0 Include output variables to facilitate saving sorts into the Spikes file. \
Launches splitmerge_tool. \
Use the gui icon (green disk) to save manual changes as a variable in the workspace, called << spikes >>. \
\'97> tip: clear 
\b spikes
\b0  variable from workspace when launching a new sort \
Save often in splitmerge tool!!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\b\fs26 \cf0 pp_save_manual_sort( subject, session, Spikes, channel, spikes )
\f0\b0\fs24 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 Replaces Spikes.sorted for the current channel with the << spikes >> variable just created. \
Saves the updated Spikes struct file. \
Prints in the command window the cluster labels that have been designated as SU or MU activity. \
\
\
\
VIEWING DATA\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\b\fs26 \cf0 pp_plot_rasters(subject, session, channel, clu)
\f0\b0\fs24 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 Plots a raster/PSTH for each unique stimulus. \
\
Saves each figure as an eps file with filename format:\
		III_226101_DA_raster_chX_cluX_stimX.eps\
\
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\i \cf0 Next to add: \
Create a new struct with processed data, basically stimuli and rasters, so new analyses can be done with spiketimes already calculated. \
Smoothing\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\i0 \cf0 \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}